{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Listojo: What Has To Be True In The Next 12 Months\b0\par
\fs18 Prepared as a strategic execution requirements document\par
\fs24\par
\b Executive view:\b0  Over the next 12 months, Listojo must prove that it can create qualified demand, convert a meaningful share of that demand, and measure revenue attribution with confidence.\par
\par
\b 1. Product Focus Must Be Clear\b0\par
\bullet The team must define the primary wedge clearly.\par
\bullet The highest-probability wedge is curated rental and property discovery with optional agent assistance.\par
\bullet Non-core categories must remain secondary until the core workflow is proven.\par
\par
\b 2. Guided Search Must Become a Real Lead Engine\b0\par
\bullet Guided search must capture structured intent, not just browsing clicks.\par
\bullet User preferences should feed matching, ranking, and agent workflows directly.\par
\bullet The handoff from self-serve to assisted path must be explicit, measurable, and useful.\par
\par
\b 3. Lead Routing Must Be Operationally Reliable\b0\par
\bullet There must be clear rules for assignment, ownership, status, and follow-up.\par
\bullet Agent dashboards should show context-rich leads, not shallow contact submissions.\par
\bullet Response times and lead outcomes need visibility.\par
\par
\b 4. Supply Quality Must Improve\b0\par
\bullet Listings need freshness, trust indicators, and cleaner relevance.\par
\bullet MLS ingestion, if added, must be governed carefully with source clarity and compliance discipline.\par
\bullet The platform should emphasize fewer, better listings over noisy volume.\par
\par
\b 5. Revenue Attribution Must Be Defensible\b0\par
\bullet Referral-triggering events should be clearly defined.\par
\bullet Payout logic needs an audit trail.\par
\bullet The business must be able to show why revenue is attributable to platform influence.\par
\par
\b 6. The Product Must Be Instrumented\b0\par
\bullet Track search starts, guided search completion, shortlist engagement, contact events, agent handoffs, and downstream outcomes.\par
\bullet Know where intent drops off and where conversion improves.\par
\bullet Measure cohort quality, not just traffic volume.\par
\par
\b 7. The Platform Must Stay Technically Disciplined\b0\par
\bullet Preserve a modular monolith rather than letting business logic sprawl.\par
\bullet Separate domains such as search, leads, routing, listings, revenue, and operations.\par
\bullet Increase test coverage around business-critical flows.\par
\bullet Improve security, auditability, and deployment discipline before scale stress arrives.\par
\par
\b 8. Bottom Line\b0\par
If, within 12 months, Listojo can prove focused demand capture, better matching, disciplined lead routing, trusted attribution, and repeatable commercial outcomes, then the business will have earned the right to scale.\par
}
