{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b Listojo: Most Likely Failure Modes\b0\par
\fs18 Prepared as a strategic business risk assessment document\par
\fs24\par
\b Executive view:\b0  The biggest risk is not lack of ambition. It is losing focus and becoming an undifferentiated, feature-heavy platform without reliable conversion economics.\par
\par
\b 1. Product Positioning Failure\b0\par
\bullet The platform tries to be too many things at once: generic marketplace, agent portal, community marketplace, curated-list-engine, and SmartCityLocator replacement.\par
\bullet The market struggles to understand what problem Listojo solves better than alternatives.\par
\bullet The product lacks a sharp wedge and therefore fails to build defensible traction.\par
\par
\b 2. Lead Quality Failure\b0\par
\bullet Agents receive low-intent or poorly qualified leads.\par
\bullet Lead routing happens before enough intent is captured.\par
\bullet There is weak context around budget, timing, location, and preferences.\par
\bullet Agents lose confidence in the platform and stop engaging seriously.\par
\par
\b 3. Trust and Data Quality Failure\b0\par
\bullet Listings become stale, duplicated, incomplete, or low credibility.\par
\bullet MLS and native inventory are mixed without clear governance.\par
\bullet Users cannot tell what is verified, sponsored, or truly relevant.\par
\bullet The platform feels noisy rather than curated.\par
\par
\b 4. Monetization Failure\b0\par
\bullet Referral attribution is weak, disputed, or impossible to audit.\par
\bullet There is no clean proof that Listojo caused the conversion.\par
\bullet Revenue depends on manual trust rather than system evidence.\par
\bullet Premium features are added before the core funnel proves value.\par
\par
\b 5. Operational Failure\b0\par
\bullet Agent follow-up is slow or inconsistent.\par
\bullet Lead ownership rules are unclear.\par
\bullet There are no strong SLAs or workflow visibility.\par
\bullet User expectations are set higher than operational delivery can support.\par
\par
\b 6. Technical and Product Debt Failure\b0\par
\bullet The codebase grows into an unstructured monolith with weak boundaries.\par
\bullet Matching, routing, and referral logic become scattered across views and templates.\par
\bullet Regression risk rises and product velocity slows.\par
\bullet Important business rules become difficult to trust or modify safely.\par
\par
\b 7. Bottom Line\b0\par
The most likely way Listojo fails is by becoming broad before it becomes strong. If the platform cannot prove better matching, better lead quality, and trusted attribution in a focused segment, the business will struggle to sustain meaningful revenue.\par
}
